add docs for user-manual for volto frontend (#4027)
plone/volto: docs/source/user-manual/index.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     "description": "This is the end-User documentation for Plone 6 Volto frontend."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "description": "Volto User Manual for Plone 6"
```

>     "property=og:description": "Volto is the React-based frontend for the Plone CMS. It is the default UI for the Plone 6 release."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "property=og:description": "Volto User Manual for Plone 6"
```

    "property=og:title": "Frontend"
    "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, User manual"
---

> # User Manual

Reviewer: It is helpful to use labels, which allow authors to reference the label from arbitrary locations in the rest of the docs with the [`ref` directive](https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/syntax/syntax.html#targets-and-cross-referencing).

```suggestion

(user-manual-label)=

# User Manual
```

Author: sorry I may have forgotten to add it here.

> This is the end-User documentation for Plone 6 Volto frontend. You can also directly navigate to the document of the relevant context from Volto frontend by clicking the help `(?)` icon.

Reviewer: The second sentence is not yet true. When it is true, then we can add it.

```suggestion
This is the user manual for Volto, the Plone 6 frontend.
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a todo for future PRs. Once it is merged, it will help guide authors.

````suggestion
```{todo}
The Plone 5.2 documentation for Classic UI is well structured, and should be emulated as the model for the Volto User Manual.

- [Working with Content](https://docs.plone.org/working-with-content/index.html)

Additional sources of content may be used to fill out the Volto User Manual.
Note that the audience for these sources may be a Developer, not an Editor, and therefore might need to be retargeted.

- [Volto Hands-On](https://training.plone.org/voltohandson/index.html)
- [Plone 6 Demo](https://6.demo.plone.org/) for screen shots and videos.

```
````
